The mini-project has to be done individually.
    Solve any two of the fours questions below (25Marks each)
    Write the python code, conduct hyper-parameter optimisation and provide the best solution
    
    Upload the code to GitHub. This should include the following:
        The python notebook that should contain the following.:
            Perform exploratory data analysis
            Clean the data if needed, i.e., remove or fill missing values etc.
            Split the data into train-test or train-val-test
            Build the model
            Train the model and show performance improvement by hyper-parameter modification. 
            Show the evaluation of the model in the test set.
            Save the model.
        The final saved model
    
    Write a report (2pages/problem) that involves the following: 
        Link to the Github page
        description of the algorithm used for each of the solution
        how the model performance was improved
        show graphs of the final model training and evaluation.
        The report should be uploaded to moodle in PDF format

There are 4 questions provided below. Each problem needs to be solved using provided dataset and proposed method, you can use other method. 

Solve any 2 of the following 4 based on the above instructions

    - Predict whether a credit card application will be approved or denied based on various features such as income, age, and credit score? Use the Credit Card Approval dataset, which contains information on credit card applications and their associated outcomes, and apply Random Forest to predict whether an application will be approved or denied.
    - Classify images of flowers based on their features such as the petal length, petal width, sepal length, and sepal width? Use the Iris Flowers dataset, which contains information on 150 iris flowers belonging to three different species, and apply SVM or random forest to classify the flowers.
    - Predict the survival of passengers on the Titanic based on their age, sex, class, and other features? Use the Titanic dataset, which contains information about passengers on the Titanic, and apply logistic regression to predict survival.
    - Predict whether a customer will churn (cancel) their subscription to a service based on their usage patterns, demographics, and other features? Use the Telco Customer Churn dataset, which contains information on customers of a telecommunications company and their associated churn status, and apply any suitable method to predict whether a customer is likely to churn or not.